This fashion stylist was making 300,000
a year but leaving millions on the
table. So, here's how we fix the three
core issues in her business and how you
can apply the same tactics to scale
yours. My name's Alexi. I run
acquisition.com, a portfolio of
companies that last year did over $250
million in aggregate revenue. So, let's
dive in. So, here are the quick facts
you need to know. Who does she sell to?
Rich folks. What does she sell them?
Fashion design and advice for their
personal styling. How much is she
making? 309,000. Her profit last year
130,000. That's 42% margins. The number
of customers she served lifetime is over
a thousand. So, kind of impressive. And
then this is her model. She sells an
$8,500 60-day kind of onboarding
transformation where she picks new
colors and palettes and all that kind of
stuff. And then she rotates them into a
$2,000 per month or $4,500 per quarter
ongoing style thing. Plus, she gets
affiliate commission because if they buy
clothing through her, she gets 10% of
the purchase price. That's how she makes
her money. Let's dive in. So, problem
number one, Ashley had a leaky funnel.
She has a premium offer, a good close
rate, and customers who love her work.
But when I looked at her funnel, it was
pretty much non-existent. She was
sending paid cold traffic to a form with
no headline, value proposition, or
reason to opt in. There was just a get
more info button. So, here's the wild
part. Despite all that, she was still
getting customers, which told me the
quality of her service was probably
pretty strong. And so, the bottleneck
was her conversion rate. Basically, the
number of clicks that actually turned
into customers. And so, the numbers
actually backed up that hypothesis. She
was getting about 1,800 clicks and
turning those 1,800 clicks only into
eight sales. a huge leak in her process.
4% conversion to traffic with high
intent. Advertisements fall into two
categories. You have interruption based
and then you have intent based.
Interruption based is everything that
you see that you're not looking for. So
if you're on social media and you see an
ad, you didn't start that day being
like, you know what, I want to have an
ad for a new pillow. No, you just see
the ad that's interruption based. So
television, radio, social media, online
banner ads, all of that stuff is just
interruption. Intent is where you
initiate it. So you start to look for
it. That's usually when you search for
things. You might call up friends and
get referrals. Like those are high
intent customers or at least high intent
prospects. And you want to have very
different metrics that you track
separately for each of those things. And
one of the biggest mistakes that I think
business owners make is number one,
they'll blend that and try and
understand their business, which you
have to keep that separate because it's
two different people who need two
different processes and sometimes two
different products. Sometimes people
don't know if their stuff's good.
They're like, "Oh man, I think I'm doing
terribly." But they're comparing their
cold traffic metrics to their warm or
high intent traffic metrics and vice
versa. The good news is we didn't really
need to change what she was selling
because she was converting a high
percentage and she has decent price
points. So, I'm not upset about that
part. We just had to make it easier for
people to buy. So, this is what we did.
So, we made four core changes. Step one
is we added a lead magnet. And think
through all the different versions of
what could we give away for free to get
people to more interested. Because if
you just say, "Hey, get more info."
Number one, not very compelling. Number
two, that goes from like zero to let's
sleep together. And so, sure, she had a
high close rate, but she was also
dealing with the people who were like in
desperate need. But there's so many
other buyers, the 80% or more of buyers
who like just give me a little bit first
before I take the next step. That's
where the lead magic comes in. And I
think this is a huge misunderstanding
for a lot of businesses because like
people think, I'm going to give
something away for free. I'm going to
solve their problem. It doesn't work
like that at all. If you do it right,
what you do is you solve a very narrow
problem that then reveals the next
problem that you solve with the thing
you sell. If I were to say, "Hey, come
buy my thing." I might get one out of
100 people to buy. But if I say, "Hey,
you have this problem. Here's a free
thing." And I might get 10 people to try
my free thing. But then of those 10
people, I can get three of them to buy.
So, I triple my sales by adding some
sort of value prior to making my real
money ask. And if you think what is
content, content is in some ways
hundreds and thousands of tiny little
lead magnets that you get for free
without someone even having to opt in.
So that you can basically give a
pre-lead magnet to the lead magnet. And
so we can lubricate this entire process
top to bottom. So what we did is we
created a style assessment offer.
Basically a personalized consult based
on skin tone, body type, and lifestyle.
and somebody who's rich and feels like
their status doesn't match the way they
dress and cares about that. Obviously, I
care about that because my style is
impeccable. The thing that makes a great
lead mag because I don't want you to
take like should I use a style
assessment? No. Let me tell you that the
pieces that make a great lead magnet.
Fast, easy, narrow, solves one complete
problem. So, I'll tell you my favorite
lead magnet of all time. I just
remembered this the other day. So, I'll
tell you. So, I saw this in the dating
space. I said, "How to know if a girl
wants you to kiss her on a date." That's
a huge need for a guy if he's on a date,
but he doesn't want to be seem like a
weirdo, right? So, there's huge pain
that he's avoiding and great promise of
if she does like you, you get a kiss.
So, like literally such great polar uh
stakes for learning this one thing. So,
what they reveal and the lead magnet is
I'll give you the answer is you try and
brush her hair behind her ear. If you do
that and then she rolls her hand into or
doesn't at least move her head away from
your hand, then you've got a girl who's
okay with you kissing her. On the flip
side, if you reach for her hair and she
just moves her head back, she probably
doesn't want you to kiss her. Now, I
would also encourage you to not surprise
attack, uh, because most people would
just move away anyways. Always get
consent, guys. Let's talk about why it
works. So, instant perceived value,
especially for high-end clients who
don't want a DIY checklist, right? These
are high-end concierge. They want a
taste of that concierge experience. So,
the best thing we can do is let them try
it out a little bit. Let them ride the
bike. Let me tell you the action steps
for you so you can actually do this in
your own business. So, this is from the
$100 million leads page 45. If you're
struggling to get leads, make an amazing
lead magnet. Figure out the problem that
you want to solve for the right
customer. Figure out how you want to
solve it. Figure out how to deliver it.
Make the name interesting and clear.
Make it easy to consume. Make sure it's
actually good. And this one, like I
still don't get this. Like they're like
they put their trash as their lead
magnet. I'm like 99% of people are never
going to buy anything from you. You want
the marketplace to judge you on your
worst thing. I have now on average spent
two years per book that I've written,
which is basically the lead magnet for
my business. It's important. you don't
need to give your lead magnet to
everyone. And this is something that
Ashley brought up when we were talking
about this. She's like, I don't want to
give every Tom, Dick, and Harry free
personalized style assessment. And I was
like, you're right. You don't want to do
that. So, when we're going to give
someone this lead magnet, which doesn't
have to be automated, so people have
this assumption like, oh, it has to be
an ebook. It has to be a free video. It
has to be a book. It doesn't even have
to be a book. You can have a service as
a lead magnet. All you do though is it's
not for everyone. So, in order to
qualify for this free thing, like I
there's no rules. We can say who gets
this free thing, who doesn't get this
free thing. it's America or wherever you
live like you're allowed to choose to do
business with one person or another say
if you meet these qualifications then I
will give you this free thing because
you're a high likely candidate why would
I give you a ride in my free jet if I
want you to buy a private jet if you
can't afford a private jet there's no
point there's no way you can convert so
it's just pure cost for me not a good
idea and so the big four I always look
for budget authority need timing do they
have the money do they have the
authority to make the decision do they
actually want this thing and is now a
good time if I can get those four
answers prior and they say yes to all
four now I've got a good qualified
prospect The first thing we did to fix
the funnel is we gave something more
valuable for someone to take a step with
rather than get more in. So the second
thing we did was we installed a VSSL. So
what is a VSSL? A VSSL is a video sales
letter which is just a fancy way of
saying you you film yourself doing your
kind of your best pitch. VSSLs can vary
in length depending on the nature of the
traffic, the price point of the thing
that they're selling and the sales
process that follows. So the three Ps
for us in terms of making an acquisition
process is going to be product,
prospect, process. What are we selling?
Who are we selling it to? how we going
to sell it for her thing. She's going to
be preframing this style assessment to
then upsell on that call into her main
thing. I didn't expect, especially given
the nature of the traffic that she had,
which was high intent, that she would
really need more than call it like a 3
to seven minute video before the call
explaining the offer, setting
expectations, and this filters out bad
leads and pre-sales good ones. The
reason pre-selling is important,
especially as you scale, is that you
want to always shorten sales cycles. For
example, it takes you two calls to close
prospects on average. If you can take
that from two calls to one call, you can
double your sales with the same size
team. So, it makes you more efficient
per salesperson that you hire. And some
of you guys have three and four call
sales processes that absolutely can get
cut from four to two or sometimes even
one if you add in these pre-selling
components because functionally, this is
the belief that I would encourage you to
adopt. It only takes a moment to make a
decision. What takes prior to that
decision is the information required to
make the decision. When you have four
calls or six calls or three calls in
order to make a decision, it's because
it takes that much information or you're
inefficiently delivering that much
information. And so we have to think
what are the core elements of all three
or four or five or six calls, whatever
it is that it takes you currently to
close a prospect. And when I say calls,
this could be conversations, it could be
emails, whatever it is that you
communicate with people on. How can we
take the most salient elements, bring
them all to the front, and have everyone
watch it so that when you start your
sales conversation, you start with
somebody who already knows all the main
things, and we're really just talking
about decision to make a purchase. And
so, not only can we eliminate or
decrease the number of calls from call
it 3 to one call, but we can also take
our calls from call it 60 or 90 minute
calls to 15 to 20 minute calls. Again,
further increasing your efficiency with
your sales team. And this is ultimately
one of the most high leveraged things
that you can do in building a sales
process. Don't worry, I'm not going to
leave you hanging. How do you make a
VSSL? I'll just give you the quick and
dirty. There's obviously more to this,
but I'll just give you the things that
can get you started. And I will give you
this one caveat, which is don't obsess.
I would spend so long on the lead magnet
that I wouldn't even get it out. Or I'd
spend so long on my VSSL that I wouldn't
even do it. You want to make it good,
but you want to make it. And it being
made is it being posted, it being live.
Now, here's the cool part. You can
always make it better. You can always
make it better. You can always revisit
it. There's no VSSL that I think that is
active in any company that I own right
now. I'm just thinking outside top of my
head. Don't want to make a a major claim
here, but I'm pretty sure that is the
first version. We make it, we listen to
the objections that come up on sales
calls, and then we add those objections
in, and then we listen to more, and we
add more of those in, and it's really
simple. All you do is you record it, and
then you just add a cut in afterwards
that says, "Hey guys, I got a couple
more questions from people, so I figured
I'd answer them for you." Now, here are
the four steps. Number one, review your
most common objections in your sales
recordings if you if you're recording
your sales. If you're not, you probably
still know what they are. Number two,
record you answering those questions as
a video. Keep it light. It depends on
how in-depth your thing is, how many
requirements on their part. So again,
for her, high intent traffic, 3 to 7
minutes works fine. And then make sure
it gets sent to every single prospect in
the funnel. Here's the little pro tip
for you. You want to make sure that they
watch the VSSL. So how do you make sure
they watch the VSSL? So the way I like
to ask it is, hey, we want it embedded
automatically. Now, in that process,
we'll still follow up prior to the call
and say, hey, did he get a chance to
watch the video? If you're doing a set
call that leads into this, so a tiny bit
different, but let's say you called
outbound, you can still add a VSSL in,
you call the person, you set the call,
and then you say, "Hey, I'm going to
give you a video. Would you rather watch
it on your own on your own time or with
us?" Now, most people say, "On my own
time." And so then you just give it to
them to watch before the call. By giving
them that choice, it makes it much like
softer. I don't know, just it feels
better. What happens if you get on a
call and somebody didn't watch the
video? Didn't watch the video sales
letter. It is my belief that you want to
maintain the frame. And this is why I
prefer shorter VSSLs if whenever
possible because then I can say, "Hey,
you know what, John? We got an hour. So,
let me give you the video right now. You
can watch it. I'm going go grab a cup of
coffee. I'll be back in 7 minutes and
then we can talk about it. That way, you
don't need to change your scripting
because then you have multiple
variations of prospects that are coming
to you. Some have watched it, some
haven't. No, you want to unify and
uniform the process as much as
possible." So, we added a lead magnet to
fix the funnel. We added a VSSL. The
third thing we did was we qualified
harder. There are some things that in my
entrepreneur career have continued to be
more true over time. They like age like
wine. One of them is speed over
everything across everything in the
business. The more I'm in business, the
more I think about speed for qualifying
prospects, the more I think about it for
products, the more I think about it for
results. I always want to shorten
timelines. Another thing like that is
qualifications. We always have this big
fear that if we qualify prospects, we're
going to lose leads. But the thing is is
that if you don't qualify prospects,
you're going to waste your time. And
what happens is if you qualify well, you
actually turn people who are maybe into
yeses because they're like, "Whoa, these
guys are legit and they serve people
only like me." And so qualification in a
way is almost like positioning yourself
within a niche, but the niche is
qualified customers, right? And so I
said this earlier, but Bant is the IBM
invented this. This is not me. Budget
authority need timing. And we include
that in the intake form plus a question
about income. And so for her, she didn't
have a sales team and she knew she
needed they need to have money. And so
she asked that question ahead of time
because if they didn't have the money to
buy the clothes, they weren't going to
buy your services. She could spot those
serious buyers before they even had the
conversation. So she could automatically
cancel and say, "Hey, you don't
qualify." And then she doesn't have to
create a personalized style assessment
before talking to them. So it saves her
time. Step four, she had this funnel.
What we needed to do was rewrite the
headlines. Now, if there's ever
something to test on your funnel, it's
the headlines. 80% of your advertising
dollar goes to the first words that
someone sees. It literally frames the
rest of the page. That's why headlines
are so important. It's not just that
it's compelling or interesting. It
literally shifts how every other piece
of information is consumed. It's the
lens through which they consume your
copy. We rewrote the landing page
headline and sub headline to focus on
the freebie. Rather than trying to say,
"Hey, come home with me. Hey, come marry
me." We say, "Hey, why don't we just get
coffee? Why don't we just have a date?
Why don't we just meet each other
first?" What we renamed it was free
lookbook to dress for your tone or skin
tone using your existing closet. If
you're like, "How do I make a good
headline?" It's how to yay without boost
insecurity. The yay here is the dress
for your tone. Also, the free lookbook.
The using your existing closet is going
to be the thing that they're worried
about. What's my biggest objection that
someone's going to bring up? They're
going to be like, "Well, I don't want to
buy a whole bunch of stuff." So, it's
like we want to lower the bar for now to
get them on the phone. Free lookbook to
dress for your tone using your existing
closet. Now, there's no true boo on this
one, but I would say that using your
existing closet is a combination of
biggest insecurity and the boo. One
phrase that kind of combines both. And
that would get us way more people to opt
in and then ultimately book calls. And
so the first thing we did was fix the
funnel. And so she was converting barely
eight of her 1,800 blind clicks before.
Now with this new setup, complete with a
lead magnet, a sales video, a real
qualification process, and a better
headline, she should hopefully convert a
lot more. And so the reason we did all
this first is so we could be confident
our bucket wasn't leaking before we
crank the dial on customer acquisition
so she doesn't waste money spending on
ads that aren't going to convert. Ashley
is a textbook stage four in the $und00
million scaling roadmap. So, she needs
to identify and double down on her top
20% of customers and she needs to make
better free stuff to increase her
conversion rate and she needs to add
qualifications or friction so the extra
volume self- selects. So, let's just
have a look at our handydandy uh road
map here and see if that's actually what
we tell people to do because you know
what businesses behave in patterns.
They're very similar across industry,
across size uh because we hit these
stages these are typically the problems
that occur. So specialized product price
to serve niche down avatar which we had
fixed make better free stuff and more
creative to boost volume great add
qualification to friction so the extra
volume self- selects like every single
one of these and also track her KPI so
we can start managing this so she had
this data because we asked for it for
the episode that we did but she didn't
have it before that and when you do look
at the data here's the crazy thing with
data is that when you do look at it a
lot of things become obvious eight out
of 1800 feels low you better believe it
feels low what do we need to do to fix
it and so if you want to figure out
where you are at exactly on the scale
ing roadmap, you go to a.com/roadmap.
And if you want us to take a look at
your business, like we did with Ashley's
on the thank you page, book a call.
Every month, we hold a workshop here at
our headquarters and it's the easiest
way that we can make a huge impact on
someone's business is actually meeting
you face to face and just working
through this stuff. Next up is her
biggest untapped gold mine. So, this was
awesome. I was so happy when I found
this when we were doing the diligence.
Uh, you're going to love it. So, the
second problem is that she had a massive
missed opportunity. And I remember when
I saw this, I was like, this is the
Mondo move. If we did nothing else, this
would be the big thing. And so when I
asked Ashley where her best customers
came from, she said, "Probably the
matchmakers and social clubs I partnered
with." Cuz I was like, "Wait, six
partners send you a third of your entire
business." And she nodded. And I asked
how she found them. She said, "Just
Googled them and sent them some emails."
And that's when I knew we'd hit a big
gold mine. Those six partners found
through basic Google search and a few
emails accounted for one-third of her
total revenue. And so then I was like,
"Okay, how many emails did it take you
to get those six?" And she said, "40."
Think about this for a moment. If you
could send 40 emails and get a third of
your business from it, which before you
had sent those emails would be a 50%
increase, wouldn't you send more emails?
And to put context on this, relative to
her revenue, that's $2500 per email
sent. Those metrics are absurd. Most
founders would kill for a paid ad
channel or paid acquisition channel with
those numbers. And here she was barely
using it. Again, a huge missed
opportunity. And this is the kind of
leverage that gets me excited. And the
thing is is that almost every business
has multiple of these. They're just
hidden in plain sight. And the issue is
sometimes it takes someone from the
outside to to see this. There's a
Yiddish saying that I like a lot, which
is your mouth is an inch below your
nose, but sometimes you need someone
else to tell your breath smells. We're
so close to our own businesses as
entrepreneurs. I'm not saying I'm immune
to this. You have your own banner
blindly. Like you're so in the weeds,
it's hard to zoom all the way out and
think, "Huh, man, this is a lot of work.
This is a fire. But if I just did that,
if I just poked over here, this will
give me a huge return and make all the
work that I'm doing right now
irrelevant." Many of you might be
laughing that Ashley had such a big gold
mine she was ignoring. You and me have
these issues within our own businesses.
And so sometimes we chase new
opportunities without tapping into
something that's already right in front
of us with massive potential. You do
something once, it works, and instead of
doubling down, you chase the new thing.
And this is super common, especially the
smaller you are. This is a perfect
example of more then better than new. So
why do so many business owners fail to
tap into their kind of like obvious gold
mines? Honestly, I think it's because
they're distracted. It's just there's so
many things that are going on in the
business. And typically when you're a
smaller business, you're managing not
only acquisition, you're managing
pricing, you're managing delivery,
you're managing clients, you're managing
employees. There's all these things that
are going on. Sometimes it's hard to
think strategically and think, where do
I get the biggest bang for buck? If I
could only do one thing to double my
business this year and it had to double
the business, what would I do? Great.
Why am I doing anything that's not that?
So sometimes these questions kind of
open your mind, but you have to ask them
from the outside when you have a little
bit of space. That was the problem. So
what was the solution? This is what we
did to scale her affiliates. We didn't
change the play at all. We just ran it
way harder. The first step we did was we
was build the list. So if you're
following along, you're like, "Oh, I
could do this." Yeah, you could.
Everybody can build a list. All right,
so we expanded the affiliate avatar
beyond just matchmakers because let's
face it, there's probably not 100,000
matchmakers in one city. There might be
20 or 50 or 100 or 300, but there's not
an unlimited amount, right? What other
types of businesses would have this type
of prospect in this particular moment of
the buying cycle? And this is key. She
identified when we had our conversation
that it's like divorces or single people
who are executives who have never found
love or sometimes it's wives who feel
like they and their husbands don't dress
according to their social status or
their perceived social status. We
expanded it to private social clubs,
executive coaches, high-end personal
trainers, divorce attorneys. All of
those are people who own a business that
contain the ideal avatar for Ashley's
business. Ashley could serve their
clients and make them look good in the
process. And the beauty of this is that
she's not competitive with them, right?
Like a divorce attorney there doesn't
lose anything by referring their divorce
client over to Ashley to look better and
feel better. If anything, it's a
benefit. That list is not exhaustive,
but it was a great place for her to
start. And for you, if you're looking at
your business, we just have to think
what other businesses sell to our
customers. And everyone typically goes
to my competitors aren't going to bring
those people over. Yeah. But there's a
ton of businesses that are adjacent. And
this is also one of the strongest
reasons of staying focused in your
business. If you try to do all things
for all people, you also can't partner
with anyone. And so if you stay very
focused on one specific avatar and
selling them one very specific thing,
then you can go to other people who sell
something different and then you guys
can work together. And so one of the
ways that she did this is she would hold
these events that then benefit all of
their customers because it's all these
divorces that would want to meet other
divorces because they're all now
recently single. And so you have this
kind of meetup thing that she could
sponsor and adds value to the divorce
attorney and also it works as a way for
her to solicit new customers. Win-win.
First thing we did was build the list.
The second thing we did was send the
darn emails. So I gave her the goal of
10xing her existing volume. So she had
done 40 over her lifetime. I said, "Why
don't you do 400 in 30 days?" 40 emails
generated six high leverage partners.
Then 400 might be able to get us 60. If
she had 60 high leverage partners, you
can do the math on that. It would be a
lot. And so she committed to sending the
20 out outreach messages per day. No
fancy software. Literally just on her
email, just sending it out. Keep it
simple. The third thing we did was
activate and retain because affiliates
you have to treat like customers. And
this is where people go wrong with
affiliates. Like no one's going to do
that work for you. You have to work it.
You have to work them. You have to work
the relationship. So it becomes much
more like enterprise farming sale. So
there's hunters and there's farmers. Uh
so it's more of a relationship manager,
but you basically need someone and
sometimes that's you to continue to farm
the relationship to keep them activated,
keep them engaged, keep them retained so
they keep sending you customers every
single month. And so you want to think
about them as nodes of customers, 20
people that I need to hit them up
regularly so I can provide value to
them, buy them dinner, host events for
their customers, all these things to
remind them to keep you top of mind. So
why is this so powerful? Affiliates will
keep selling for you. They are a
recurring customer generator and they'll
send you a few leads a month or
sometimes hundreds of leads a month that
have demonstrated they're already
willing to pay for similar services. So
they're most qualified. They're just
like warm referrals passed on to you.
The likelihood that you close these
prospects super high intent is very
high. If you're like, "Man, this sounds
kind of interesting. I would love to
have an army of affiliates just sending
me customers." Like, she only had six.
That was a third of her business. If she
had 60, my god, it would be a lot
bigger. And so, I wrote an entire
chapter on this in the $100 million
leads book. It starts on page 227. And I
give you the list inside of the book of
exactly what to do step by step to set
up an affiliate army. I've grown
multiple businesses where affiliates
were the largest uh source of business.
School is one of them. More recently,
Allen, my software business before that,
Prestige Labs, our supplement company,
all of those built up affiliates. So, I
feel very confident in talking to you
about this. But this is the quick and
dirty. So number one, find your ideal
affiliates. That was that list. Number
two, you have to make them an offer. So
for her, it was like, can we can I throw
events for your customers? I'm going to
pay for it. That makes them look good
and gives you an ability to to sell
them. Number three, qualify the
affiliates because you want to make sure
that they're actually like good and they
have your right audience. Number four,
figure out what to pay them or
compensate them in whatever way.
Sometimes it's like, I'm going to do
stuff for your customers that'll make
you look good. Sometimes it's I'm going
to bundle an element of what I sell into
your core offer so you can charge more
for your core services. or my thing can
be an upsell that I give you 100% of the
cash on or you can sell my thing and
I'll give you some percentage of it. All
of those are different ways to structure
these affiliate agreements. I talk more
about it inside the book. But once you
figure that out, then you just got to
get them advertising and keep them
advertising. The getting them
advertising is how do we launch this
relationship? Because typically they're
going to have an existing base. How do
we promote this new partnership together
so everybody wins? And then once that
launch occurs, we want full integration.
So how do we make sure that month after
month they're sending you customers? And
so most people spend $10,000 a month on
ads and completely ignore affiliates
that might bring way higher returns. And
so Ashley was already doing it. She just
needed to scale it. And so we first
fixed Ashley's leaky funnel. Then we
took advantage of the huge affiliate
opportunity that she had in front of
her. And now we're going to fix pricing,
which is problem number three. She had
some big pricing inefficiencies. Her
clients were high income. She served CEO
CEOs, socialites, frequent flyers,
people who could afford outcomes, not
hours. But her pricing model didn't
really reflect that. and she was
charging a onetime $8,500 onboarding fee
and then offered either the $2,000 a
month for ongoing styling or $4,500 a
quarter. So solid numbers, especially
for a boutique high touch service. But
when I dug into her existing clients,
most of them weren't actually paying
those rates. They were grandfathered in
at $1,500 a quarter or less. Worse, the
website and intake process didn't
clearly set those expectations. And so
there was no pricing revealed until
after the call. No mention of tiers, no
mention of value framing. This is
supposed to be a premium experience, but
it was being delivered like a commodity.
This happens a ton, by the way. Like a
lot of businesses like want to be
boutique, but then the sales process
completely breaks the frame. If I could
give you one word for what your sales
process should look like. It's
congruent. If you are high-end, your ad
should look high-end. The lead magnet
should look high-end. The people you're
qualifying should look high-end. The
price point should be high-end, and then
the product and service should be high.
Everything has to fit. And if it
doesn't, it'll break the frame, and
immediately something feels off, and
it'll plummet your conversion rates. And
so, when I asked her how many clients
were actually opting into the $2,000 per
month, she said only a couple. so far,
which wasn't surprising altogether. And
so the question is like why wasn't she
getting upsells? Number one is she had
recently changed this price. So that was
for sure a factor. It's also pretty
common that as a business expands,
especially when you're smaller, that you
don't charge enough upfront cuz you just
want to get going. And that's okay. It's
normal. But in time, you start looking
at your margins and you're like, you
know what, maybe I can expand this. Now,
to be clear, she had 42% margins. Not
bad. I mean, that's probably pretty
good. There's no issues there. I never
limit myself on like, oh, these are good
margins, therefore I should not make
more money. by all means make more.
There are no rules. The thing that she
was missing was two things. Number one,
she didn't have a price anchor, which
would dramatically affect the take rates
on that back-end offer. And number two
is she didn't have a frictionless upsell
from her main offer into continuity. So,
she was selling the $8,500 thing pretty
okay. She just wasn't getting as many as
she wanted into the continuity, which is
the real value of the business. The
first thing we did is we introduced a
highest tier continuity option that
would make the existing $2,000 a month
or $4,500 per quarter seem reasonable by
comparison. And so even if only 10% of
the people took that high-end offer when
that high-end offer is 10 times as
expensive, it's it still effectively
doubles the revenue of the business. And
for everybody else, it makes the normal
price, which was once the most expensive
price, feel like a deal. Now, if you
want a pro tip on this, if you don't
really plan on selling a lot of your
price anchor, what you do is you want to
have it be as similar as possible to
your core offer and only change one or
two things that most people don't care
about. Now, the richest customers will
always just want to buy the most
expensive thing, but for everyone else,
they'll see, wait, there's a dramatic
price difference. It's a very small
feature difference. This is now a steal
comparatively. So, we set the frame and
then we operate within that frame. So,
the second thing we did after the anchor
was a back end. And not only did we have
the backend because you already had
that, we actually made it default. All
right. So, how do we make it the default
option? So, one of the I remember the
first time I learned about this ages and
ages and ages ago was in a book that
talked about a one country that was able
to get like 70% plus of their citizens
to opt into being donors. And every
other country was at like less than 10%.
And the main thing that country did was
ask people to opt out of being an organ
donor rather than every other country
that asked the people to opt in. And so
basically customers have a customers
humans have a default bias which is if
they think this is the thing that most
people do they will typically do that
because crowd mentality herd mentality
keeps you safe. If everyone's doing it
it is already tested they're all alive.
It is lower risk for me to continue to
do what everyone else is doing. Not the
best recipe for outsiz returns but a
very good recipe and reasonable for
decreasing risk. And so we want them to
decrease risk by buying. So instead of
repitching continuity from scratch, we
just positioned it as the next natural
step after onboarding. So you've already
invested in your transformation, let's
make sure it sticks. And so often times
the best thing to upsell people, by the
way, if you're like, "What do I upsell
on my back end?" Here are my two
favorite ones that you can use all the
time because they only always work. It's
more of that thing they just bought or
more help with that thing they just
bought. They work exceptionally well.
And what you want to do with this is you
want to have an assumed close here. This
is how we've always done it. This is how
this normally works. We had the price
anchor that we reintroduced. We made the
back in the default. And the third thing
we did is we push price. Now you might
have heard Ashley's original price is at
8,500. She's already priced so high. Why
would she raise prices? So there's this
thing in economics called a Vlinin good.
Vlin good is a good where when you
increase the price it actually increases
the value which is especially common in
luxury items. If people know, especially
if people know that something costs a
lot of money, they will then want it
more. Isn't always the case, but
sometimes it is. And in other cases, you
can just raise the price and it just
changes nothing about the conversion
rate. The easiest way to make more money
in any business is charge more for the
exact same thing, provided around the
same number of people take it. Here's a
pro tip for context. The point of
maximum profit is after the point of
maximum conversion. This should seem
obvious, right? You made it for a
dollar, she could get more people to buy
than if she didn't. Now, in her
particular case, it might be so cheap at
a dollar that few people would even
believe it was good. So, that gets into
a different issue of pricing. But within
the context of in general price, supply
and demand, typically as supply shrinks,
the price will move, right? Given the
fact you're selling to luxury people,
luxury buyers don't want the cheapest
option. They're literally trying to look
better than other people. They want the
best. But if you don't give them a
premium path, they'll just default to
the lowest tier. So, we had to make that
path for work. What we did by reframing
the offer and adding in the anchor and
tightening the handoff from onboarding
into continuity, Ashley could boost LTV
on the back end and be able to slowly
continue to push her prices until people
weren't going to buy or until the point
where she was making less money than she
was at a lower price. But the thing is,
in my experience, there's so much more
room here because think about it like
this if it were a curve. Most people
will try and be here where they have
like, let's say, maximum yeses. But the
thing is is that sometimes the maximum
gross profit is here. This is a bad line
to illustrate the point, but your nos
are going to increase and your yeses
will decrease. But if the price here is
3x this price and you're getting half
the yeses, you make more money. And so
far, just key takeaways. So number one,
we fixed the funnel first. She was
already doing two to threex. So we had
to added in the VSSL, the lead magnet,
and we qualified her leads. So that was
the first thing we did to improve the
conversion rate on the funnel itself,
all automated, which I think could give
her 2 or 3x there. We also fixed the
headline. Again, that's an estimate, not
a guarantee that's going to happen for
her, but that's my estimate. The second
thing we did is we doubled down on the
huge missed opportunity she had, which
was that she had one-third of her
business coming from six affiliates. And
so, we got her to build the list, commit
to sending 20 emails a day, and then
afterwards activate and retain them by
giving them high value that she could
deliver to their customers that they
would get credit for. And then third, we
continue to push pricing. And in order
to do that, we reestablished a price
anchor. We made the backend default so
we could increase LTV. and she committed
to continually increasing price until
her conversion rate dropped such that
she made less overall money. Now the
business could attract more customers,
convert them better and retain them
longer and price higher with higher
gross profit. And so if you want to see
the full video of Ashley's reaction to
this guidance, you can check it out